Matching dbt-core Github Issues (#459)
dbt-labs/metricflow: .github/pull_request_template.md

resolves #

<!---
  Include the number of the issue addressed by this PR above if applicable.

>   PRs for code changes without an associated issue *will not be merged*.

Reviewer: Are we holding to this? I'm fine with it but we'll need to retrain all of the existing MetricFlow devs, since we didn't do this at all in the past.

Author: Personally I am a fan of this as it makes sure that there is always an issue record for changes. That said, if you think it will slow down velocity I'm happy to remove this section.

Author: Actually the other thing is that `changie` requires that an issue number be provided with the changelog entry so this might be required

  See CONTRIBUTING.md for more information.
-->

### Description

> <!---
>   Describe the Pull Request here. Add any references and info to help reviewers
>   understand your changes. Include any tradeoffs you considered.
> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!---
  Provide context for the Pull Request here, including more details on what
  is changing and why. Add any references and info to help reviewers
  understand your changes, such as any tradeoffs you considered, and the local
  test process you followed.
-->
```

> ### Checklist
> 
> - [ ] I have read [the contributing guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/metricflow/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and understand what's expected of me
> - [ ] I have signed the [CLA](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/contributor-license-agreements)
> - [ ] I have run this code locally and it appears to resolve the stated issue
> - [ ] This PR includes tests, or tests are not required/relevant for this PR
> - [ ] I have run `changie new` to [create a changelog entry](https://github.com/dbt-labs/metricflow/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#adding-a-changelog-entry)

Reviewer: I think we can replace this with a comment providing a pointer to the documentation and a reminder to run changie. Something like this:

```suggestion
<!--- 
  Before requesting review, please make sure you have:
  1. read [the contributing guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/metricflow/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md),
  2. signed the [CLA](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/contributor-license-agreements)
  3. run `changie new` to [create a changelog entry](https://github.com/dbt-labs/metricflow/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#adding-a-changelog-entry)
```
